greetings and blessings
greet you in the wonderful name of Christ Jesus
his brother will ute kiel
dear brothers, I am going to tell you a case that happened to me a while ago
one day a friend of mine died who was not very believer so to speak
sometimes I went to mass and other times I still had an angelic culture
when he died the evangelical brothers watched over him with many songs and praises
and the next day they took him to the cemetery
As a friend of mine I wanted to go to the cemetery to pray for him
once there
I asked the pastor
If he let me give him an answer, I said, and the deceased answered me, He was a sheep.
our flock and we do not pray to the dead because these
heights of nothing serve prayers
total that I was not allowed to pray to him and I had to content myself with praying
silent
this makes me ask
we can pray for the deceased
Our prayers serve you
what is the Catholic doctrine and what is the Evangelical brothers to
respect
as always we go to the bible that says the bible about it
it is established that men die only once and then the trial comes
Hebrews 9 27
after death comes the particular judgment where
each receives according to what he did during his mortal life 2nd Corinthians
at the end of the world will take place the universal judgment in which Christ will come in
glory and majesty to judge the peoples and nations
it is Catholic doctrine that in the particular judgment is intended for each person to
one of the three options heaven purgatory hell
those who in life have accepted Christ as god and personal savior and
when we die we are in God's grace we will go to heaven
Blessed are the pure in heart
says jesus
because they will see god
matteo 5
those of us who have rejected Jesus will go to hell for all eternity
those who when dying are not fully purified of their sins will go to
purgatory
says the word of the Lord
nothing impure will enter it
that is, in the new Jerusalem
apocalypse 21 27
you will tell me then why are we in this world
we are in this world to know
love and serve God and
through this
save our soul
we Catholics believe in purgatory
according to our Catholic faith the purgatory that place or state by means
which one
in attention to the merits of Christ
the souls of those who have died in the grace of God are publicized
but who have not yet fully satisfied for their sins
the by lebanon cat is a definite state but temporary
there went only those who, when they die, are not fully purified of the
impurities of sin since nothing stained can enter the sky
sinful
therefore according to our faith
prayers can be offered
sacrifices and masses for the dead so that their souls are political those of their
sins and may enter as soon as possible the glory at random of the divine presence
some evangelical brothers insist that the word because a torío is a
pure invention of Catholics and that not even this word is in the
Bible
we tell them that the words incarnation and
neither the word trinity and we believe in these mysteries
so
his argument does not prove anything
what happens that some evangelical brothers only admit the bible in
change for us Catholics the bible is not the only source of
revelation
since we have the bible and the tradition
nevertheless let us remember the words of Saint Augustine
a tear evaporates
a rose withers
only the prayer of the saints arrives until goodbye
the same Jesus says that
he who sins against the holy spirit
will not reach the forgiveness of his sin in this world or the other
Matthew 12 32
that clearly reveals that some expiation of sin must have
after death and that is what we call purgatory
consequently after death there is purgatory and there is purification of
the sins
says the word
the fire will taste the work of each one
If your work resists fire
will be awarded
but if this work turns to ashes
he will have to pay
he will be saved but like someone who goes through fire
1st Corinthians 3
only the doctrine and the belief in purgatory explain or clarify this
passage
we also see that in second of Maccabees 12
42 to 46
and they prayed the Lord to forgive the sins of the
dead companions
and if we check in second b timoteo 1
1 to 18
san pablo says referring to holmes and forum
the Lord grant him to reach mercy on that day
However
as in practice
When a person dies we do not know if he is saved or condemned
we must always pray for the deceased because they may need our
sentence
let us remember that salvation comes by the ce and works
in regard to purgatory it must be added that it is not like a second
opportunity for the person to establish a straight relationship with God
conversion and repentance must occur in this life
to finish let me tell you that
Hello for the living and for the deceased is a work of mercy
I say goodbye remembering the words of
San Agustin
God does not send impossible things
but
when sending
teaches you to do how much you can
since you ask what you can not
do what you can that god will do the rest
Blessings
le ute kiel